system variable: refine description of txn-total-size-limit and tidb_mem_quota_query (#11530)
pingcap/docs: system-variables.md

- Default value: `1073741824` (1 GiB)
- Range: `[-1, 9223372036854775807]`
- Unit: Bytes

<CustomContent platform="tidb">

- For versions earlier than TiDB v6.1.0, this is a session scope variable and uses the value of `mem-quota-query` from `tidb.toml` as an initial value. Starting from v6.1.0, `tidb_mem_quota_query` is a `SESSION | GLOBAL` scope variable.
- For versions earlier than TiDB v6.5.0, this variable is used to set the threshold value of memory quota for **a query**. If the memory quota of a query during execution exceeds the threshold value, TiDB performs the operation defined by [`tidb_mem_oom_action`](#tidb_mem_oom_action-new-in-v610).

> - For TiDB v6.5.0 and later versions, this variable is used to set the threshold value of memory quota for **a session**. If the memory quota of a session during execution exceeds the threshold value, TiDB performs the operation defined by [`tidb_mem_oom_action`](#tidb_mem_oom_action-new-in-v610). Note that starting from TiDB v6.5.0, the memory usage of a transaction is also accumulated into the memory usage of the session. For the control behavior of transaction memory usage in TiDB v6.5.0 and later versions, see [`txn-total-size-limit`](/tidb-configuration-file.md#txn-total-size-limit).

Author: ```suggestion
- For TiDB v6.5.0 and later versions, this variable is used to set the threshold value of memory quota for **a session**. If the memory quota of a session during execution exceeds the threshold value, TiDB performs the operation defined by [`tidb_mem_oom_action`](#tidb_mem_oom_action-new-in-v610). Note that starting from TiDB v6.5.0, the memory usage of a session contains the memory consumed by the transactions in the session. For the control behavior of transaction memory usage in TiDB v6.5.0 and later versions, see [`txn-total-size-limit`](/tidb-configuration-file.md#txn-total-size-limit).
```

> - When you set the variable value to `0` or `-1`, the memory threshold is positive infinity. When you set a value smaller than 128, the value will be changed to `128`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When you set the variable value to `0` or `-1`, the memory threshold is positive infinity. When you set a value smaller than 128, the value will be defaulted to `128`.
```

</CustomContent>

<CustomContent platform="tidb-cloud">

- For versions earlier than TiDB v6.1.0, this is a session scope variable. Starting from v6.1.0, `tidb_mem_quota_query` is a `SESSION | GLOBAL` scope variable.
- For versions earlier than TiDB v6.5.0, this variable is used to set the threshold value of memory quota for **a query**. If the memory quota of a query during execution exceeds the threshold value, TiDB performs the operation defined by [`tidb_mem_oom_action`](#tidb_mem_oom_action-new-in-v610).
- For TiDB v6.5.0 and later versions, this variable is used to set the threshold value of memory quota for **a session**. If the memory quota of a session during execution exceeds the threshold value, TiDB performs the operation defined by [`tidb_mem_oom_action`](#tidb_mem_oom_action-new-in-v610). Note that starting from TiDB v6.5.0, the memory usage of a transaction is also accumulated into the memory usage of the session. For the control behavior of transaction memory usage in TiDB v6.5.0 and later versions, see [`txn-total-size-limit`](/tidb-configuration-file.md#txn-total-size-limit).

> - When you set the variable value to `0` or `-1`, the memory threshold is positive infinity. When you set a value smaller than 128, the value will be changed to `128`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When you set the variable value to `0` or `-1`, the memory threshold is positive infinity. When you set a value smaller than 128, the value will be defaulted to `128`.
```
